hello guys these lessons come as part of
my software that you can purchase on
flash brain anatomy comm I posted the
links down there in description in this
lesson I will illustrate the circular
phyllis and i will illustrate later all
the arteries that leave the circle of
phyllis and how they supply the brain
with the blood if you purchase my
software you can watch all these lessons
and there is much more like 3d brain
models and so on
ok so we have the vertebral arteries
entering the skull there are two of
these vertebral arteries here this is
one vertebral artery then we have
another vertebral artery when these two
vertebral arteries join they create one
artery called the basilar artery before
they join here to create this basilar
artery they give two arteries two
smaller arteries to join and create the
anterior spinal artery this is the
anterior spinal artery then the basilar
artery here gives away smaller fountain
arteries that supply the pons of the
brain ok and it also gives the anterior
inferior cerebellar artery here ok it
gives them on both sides then it gives
the superior cerebellar arteries and
those arteries that I just mentioned
supply the cerebellum with blood and
then we reach one really important area
and I will tell you now that the basilar
artery gives away two very important
arteries and those Rd posterior cerebral
arteries now before I continue with this
lesson I will just remind you that these
lessons come with my software that you
can purchase on flash brain anatomy calm
and if you want to watch all my lessons
you should go to our web
slide and check out my software okay
then we have smaller communicating
artery here like this and it connects
this posterior cerebral artery with the
internal carotid artery okay there are
two internal carotid arteries here okay
then the internal carotid artery
separates into two arteries and one of
these arteries is the middle cerebellar
artery it goes this way
and it supplies the lateral side of the
brain and another artery is actually the
anterior cerebellar artery so we have
the same thing on the other side this is
the middle since you roll artery that
supplies the lateral wall and then we
have the anterior artery cerebral artery
the anterior cerebral arteries are
usually connected with the anterior
communicating artery here so remember
this was the posterior communicating
artery and this is the anterior
communicating artery now before I
continue with this lesson I will just
remind you that these lessons come with
my software that you can purchase on
flash brain anatomy comm and if you want
to watch all my lessons you should go to
our website and check out my software so
we had the anterior cerebral arteries
and they supply pretty much the anterior
and superior surface of the medial side
of the brain okay then we have the
middle cerebral artery and which
supplies the insula and pretty much the
lateral side of the brain and we had
more very important artery here and this
was the posterior
cerebral artery and it supplies the
posterior medial side of the brain now
we had to communicating arteries here
and here then we had three communicating
arteries here and here and this was the
internal carotid artery this is where
the blood comes from okay through the
internal carotid artery and also comes
through the vertebral arteries through
the basilar artery okay here so usually
the blood in the posterior here in the
posterior cerebral artery comes from the
basilar artery and in the anterior
cerebral artery and in the middle
cerebral artery the blood comes from the
internal carotid artery so I'll try to
pretty much everything learn how where
these arteries go and which branches
they have please go to my website and
purchase myself for a flash brain
anatomy calm however I will just tell
you that now i illustrated the circle of
villus and it's simply a circle created
by the arteries now before I continue
with this lesson I will just remind you
that these lessons come with my software
that you can purchase on flash brain
anatomy calm and if you want to watch
all my lessons you should go to our
website and check out my software